01 DAY9
    COMMAND TO CONVERT A IPYNB FILE TO PYTHON SCRIPT
    write the command below in terminal
    jupyter nbconvert --to python filename.ipynb

02 DAY10
    a. return denotes the end of a function i.e., 
        the control gets out of the function,
    b. docstrings- used for documentation stated at the top-most
        line of a package, function.
        Denoted in """ """ or ''' '''.
    c. shortcut for multi-line comment in Python- Windows
        Press "CTRL + /"
    d. switch in C is similar to a dictionary in Python.
        e.g., calculator program.
    e. "flag": 

03 DAY11
    a. cards without replacement using Python
    b. play again and clear the console

04 DAY12
    a. Opponent- "Skeleton", "Zombie", "Alien"
    b. Naming the global variable and local variable the same can be a very terrible idea, 
        something which is basically more terrible is that trying to modify the value of
        a global variable inside a function.
    c. global variable can be accessed inside a function using the "global" keyword.

05 DAY13- Debugging 
    a. Steps to Debug-
        i.      Describe the problem clearly in your mind
        ii.     Reproduce the bug, because when you encounter a bug once, but not the next time,
                it becomes really difficult to solve it. 
                Try to find the question to the answer when does the bug actually occurs?
        iii.    Play computer or Pretend to be the computer yourself,
                to understand the problem.
        iv.     Fix the errors, when the editor is giving you an error or
                the console is giving you an error-- fix the error before you continue.
                Use Google for the error given by the console.
        v.      Use "print statement" wherever you feel there's a line of code which is
                broken to find out the bug or error.
        vi.     Use a debugger
                -> use line by line execution thing of vs code
                -> use PythonTutor for visualizing what actually is happening inside the code.
        vii.    Take Rest, tackle it next time.
        viii.   Ask a Friend over Discord.
        ix.     Run often.
                -> Run your code often.
        x.      Ask stackoverflow.

06 DAY16- PyPI (Python Package Index)
    Learn to install it for VS Code.